Hey... listen...
Listen! I know this is sudden,
but I love you!
[Ryou] Will you please go out
with me!
I yeah... I-I'm sorry.
This must be awkward. You
probably don't know what to say,
huh?
But I-I just couldn't keep it
to myself any longer...
[Tomoya] Uh, well I...
Y-yes?
Well I'm flattered. I know I've
eating lunch with you and Kyou a
lot these past few weeks,
but I still feel like we haven't
had time to get to know each
other very well.
Yeah, I guess that's true,
isn't it?
[Tomoya] Uh, it's not that
I dislike you or anything.
I just didn't see you as like,
a romantic interest.
Uh, wait, that sounds kind
of rude, doesn't it?
I didn't mean it that way.
But uh, I guess if you like,
we could try going out?
Huh?
I mean, like I said before, we
haven't known each other for all
that long.
But in a way that just gives us
more time to work things out
together.
It might not be so bad if
wetried doing that as a couple
instead of just plain old
friends.
Then... do you mean...?
Starting now, we're boyfriend
and girlfriend... That okay?
[sobbing]
W-what's wrong?
I-I'm sorry.
I can't help it.
It's like a dream come true...
I'm so happy... Thank you.
[Ryou] Thank you.
[Tomoya] Wow. I didn't know you
wanted to go to nursing school.
[Ryou] Uh huh. It's been my
dream ever since I was little.
[Tomoya] That must be nice. I
can't say I've given the future
much thought myself.
[Ryou] Well I... There's no need
to rush.
[Tomoya] I don't know
about that.
If all I did was sit around
and do nothing,
I think you might be a little
dissapointed in me.
[Ryou] That's not true at all!
No matter what happens, I'll
never be dissapointed in you.
You don't have to do anything
but be yourself!
[Tomoya] Thank you. [Ryou] Huh?
[Tomoya] No one's ever told me
something like that before...
I don't know. I'm kind of
touched. It means a lot to me.
[Ryou] It's nothing...
Hey, Kyou!
[Kyou] What are you doing?
It's Sunday, isn't it?
You should be with Ryou
right now.
[Tomoya] You're so nosey.
It's none of your business.
[Kyou] Yeah, you're
right. Sorry.
[Tomoya] Huh? No, I uh...
[Kyou] By the way...
I don't know what she said, but
she's had a crush on you since
our junior year.
Really? Wow.
So, are you getting along okay?
Yeah, pretty well.
She's sweet and hard working...
But also kind of shy,
so I have to be careful
of that sometimes.
Yup! That's her! But I think
shyness is actually one of her
cute points!
What?
Oh, I was just thinking you're
a real sucker for your sister.
I don't think so at all.
I don't know.
Say...
Have you two kissed yet?
Huh? No! Why would you ask that?
That's no good! She's shy so you
got to take the lead.
Well that's easy for you to
saybut believe it or not, this
is the first time I've ever gone
out with a girl.
Oh.
You could warm up with... me.
Consider it a practice kiss.
What do you say?
Uh... what?!
You can just pretend like
you're kissing Ryou.
Since we're twins, it's
practically the same thing.
Right?
Uh...
[gasp]
[Kyou] Good! Let's stop there!
It's just a warm-up, so we can't
actually go through with it of
course.
Um...
What's with that face?
Did you really want to kiss me?
Guh... Why would I want to kiss
you? Are you crazy?
[Kyou] I'd give you a 60
out of 100.
[Tomoya] Whatever.
See you later.
See you...
[student a] I heard they were
kissing in the park.
[student b] Is that true?
[student c] Okazaki? That punk?
With Kyou?! Really?
Well they were in the same
class. They're together a lot.
[student b] I know but-
- You idiot!
- It's him! Shh...
Hm?
Pretty brave of them to do that
in public, don't you think?
Doesn't seem to bother him.
Wow.
What's with them?
[Sunohara] Morning, Okazaki!
[Tomoya] Great, you're acting
weird too?
Huh? Me and Kyou?
The whole school's been talking
about it all day.
You two were kissing in the
park yesterday, right?
Oh. No. Let's see...
How can I put this?
It's complicated.
Don't play dumb with me!
I wondered why you've been
in such a good mood lately.
So are you two a couple
now or what?
We didn't kiss, you jackass.
Do you really think I'd pull
something like that when I'm
going out with her sister?
Huh?
You and Ryou Fujibayashi?
You kidding?
Is it that surprising?
Yeah, of course it's surprising.
She's not your type at all.
Kyou, on the other hand
is a perfect fit.
I don't need your advice.
So, do you think Fujibayashi's
heard about this mess?
If she came to school, then
yeah. Everybody's talking about
it.
[Kyou] Oh! There you are!
Uh, hey.
Come with me.
Don't worry, it won't take long.
[Sunohara] I didn't do anything!
[Tomoya] Kyou! Hey, wait a
second!
Come back!
[Sunohara] This isn't some kind
of prank is it? I mean, you're
serious?
[Kyou] Hey, don't hurt my
feelings here. It's not really
that strange, is it?
[Sunohara] I don't know. I just
never, like, sensed any sparks
between us.
But hey, maybe I never noticed.
Because we end up seeing
each other so often.
[Kyou] Yeah...
That happens a lot with
friends, right?
Anyway, if you don't believe me,
I have an easy way to prove it.
Guh-Wait a second.
You're acting weird, Kyou. You
don't really love me, do you?
Why is it so weird to you?
Maybe if I'm just jumping
toconclusions here, but I always
thought you liked Okazaki, not
me.
N-No! W-What are you talking
about?! I wasn't... I mean...
[Sunohara] Just so you know, she
was probably doing that because
of all the rumors.
I don't think she really
likes me.
[Tomoya] Rumors don't matter.
[Sunohara] If she's taking
things this far,
it might be more than rumors.
[Kyou] You're late.
Listen, don't pay any attention
to Youhei. He's got the wrong
idea about all this.
The truth is, when I saw you
andRyou getting together, I
thought it might be nice to have
a boyfriend of my own. That's
Youhei seemed like a good enough
candidate so I asked him out.
But then-
[Tomoya] Are you kidding?!
[Kyou] Huh?
That's it? You just pick a
random guy and ask him out
because you think it might
be fun?
Are you butting in because you
think that's fun?
At any rate, forget about me and
worry about Ryou instead.
Okay?
I don't want my sister getting
stressed out about this!
See you!
Which do you like?
Hey, Tomoya...
Huh?
I just wanted to try calling
you by your first name...
Is that bad?
No way. Of course not.
It isn't strange?
Not at all. I call Kyou by
her first-
I'm too formal. I need to get
over it.
No... It's fine.
No reason for you to be formal
too, right? Feel free to call me
Ryou.
All right then. Ryou it is.
O-Okay Tomoya...
Well, I'm off...
Bye.
[Ryou] Tomoya.
See you tomorrow.
I guess I'll go to Sunohara's.
Oh! Oh hey! Botan!
Puhi.
[Tomoya] What's wrong, buddy?
Sorry but today's Sunday.
So nobody's here.
H-hey.
Botan! Hold on a sec!
[Tomoya] Kyou.
Tell me what's wrong.
What? T-There's nothing wrong.
Weren't you supposed to be
on a date with Ryou right now?
Kyou, you're soaking wet.
Stay away.
Please... just stay away.
I-I mean, you don't have to
worry about me! Just worry about
Ryou!
She's your girlfriend... not me.
Who cares? You're still my
friend and you're about to catch
a cold.
Stop! I said, no!
Leave me alone! Just go away!
Don't bother with me anymore,
all right?
Kyou, listen!
Go away!
Hold on...
C-Come on, stop it...
Please don't be nice to
me anymore...
I'm an idiot, all right?
If you be nice to me, I'll get
the wrong idea...
[Kyou] I was afraid...
I didn't want to tell you
how I felt...
Because if I told you I loved
you and you turned me down...
then maybe we wouldn't be able
to be friends anymore...
But even if you did like me and
we did go out, then it would
just make Ryou miserable...
That's why I thought it would be
better if I just gave up on you.
That way, at least nobody would
get hurt...
But now, I just regret it...
Now I don't know what I want.
I'm so stupid. This was all my
decision in the first place.
Kyou... listen-
Tomoya.
I'm Kyou, all right?
I'm not my sister.
I'm not your girlfriend.
You're too late...
Bye Tomoya...
[Sunohara] Hmm... Sounds like
things are getting complicated
with the twins.
That's a real problem, huh?
[Tomoya] What would you do?
[Sunohara] What do you mean?
If I was in your position?
Come on. That's obvious.
We'd have a threesome!
[Tomoya] Can I punch you
until you stop moving?
[Sunohara] Sorry, sorry.
I'll behave now.
I don't know. Seriously this is
kind of a tough one.
[Tomoya] [sigh] Maybe there's
nothing I can do you know?
[Sunohara] Hmm, giving up
already, huh?
You think either of them would
be happy if you just ran away?
That'd be pretty pathetic man.
I know how you feel. Don't want
to get your hands dirty, right?
Can't blame you.
But you got to face the facts.
Either way, you're going to end
up hurting one of them. You just
got ot make a choice.
You probably don't want to
hearthis, but the longer you
take to come up with an answer,
the more painful it'll be.
For Ryou... for Kyou...
and for you.
[Tomoya] You're right...
[Sunohara] By the way, while
we're on the subject, can I say
one more thing?
Your problems are a luxury,
you know that?!
Ow!
[Sunohara] Good luck.
I'm going to get
something to eat.
[Ryou] Tomoya.
What did you want to talk
to me about?
It's just like a TV show.
An empty classroom, a boy
andgirl meeting all alone after
school. First they talk, then
they kiss-
Fujibayashi...
I thought we were using
our first names now?
You know, it's something
I've thought about a lot.
How I didn't want to lose
to my sister, I mean.
I knew she had her eye on you. I
knew she was in love with you,
just like I was.
But even though I knew, I didn't
think of her feelings at all...
I asked her to help me so that
I could get closer to you.
[Ryou] She seemed a
littlesurprised at first but
then a big smile spread across
her face.
"Just leave it to me," she said.
Of course I knew how
she'd react...
And I knew I wasn't being
fair to her...
It was an awful thing to do. But
I still did it because I wanted
to be with you.
It's okay! I can try to be more
like my sister if you like!
I know I'm kind of shy but I can
learn to be more outgoing if you
give me some time!
I'll grow out my hair,
I'll practice my cooking...
I'll be anything you want, just
please let us stay together,
okay?
[Tomoya] No.
No.
That's terrible.
I would never ask for that.
I don't want to give you up,
Tomoya. I still love you.
I'm sorry...
[bang]
[teacher] Now, on to the
next question.
Fujibayashi-Oh.
[teacher] She's absent.
All right then, Suzuki.
[Sunohara] Aren't you
going home?
I never got to tell you this.
But I had a lot of fun while we
were going out.
To be honest, I never felt like
anyone loved me or anyone needed
me before.
It was really nice.
We got along so well. I thought
we could be together for a long
time. But then I...
I ruined it for both of us.
I'm sorry.
I did something terrible.
Even though I had you, I was
always thinking about someone
else.
By the time I realized how
I felt, it was too late...
I kept quiet. I took
advantage of you...
Because I...
I wasn't in love with you... It
was Kyou that I was really in
love with...
I'm sorry...
[Kyou] Tomoya...
[Tomoya] Kyou?!
What are you... W-What are you
doing here? And your hair...?
She told me to come...
Ryou chewed me out...
She said not to run away.
[Kyou] I was fine with the way
things were.
I just wanted her to be happy.
I didn't mean
to fall in love with you.
I didn't mean to hurt her.
But she told me it was too late.
The damage had already been
done.
That's why she said that
Icouldn't run away. If I really
loved you, then I had to take
responsibility for that.
Of course she was hurt but
there was no other way.
Since we both fell in love with
the same person, one of us would
end up suffering.
I'm sure she's crying right now.
Look at us. Sure took us
a long time, didn't it?
Not realizing our feelings,
hiding and running away...
Today will be the last time we
hurt each other, all right?
For my sister, for me,
and for you...
Hm.
I love you, Tomoya.
[Kyou] I've loved you for
a long, long time.
[Ryou] Please don't apologize.
[Tomoya] But...
If you apologize, I'll have
to forgive you,
and then it'll be like nothing
ever happened at all.
I don't want that. I want to
cherish every moment we spent
together...
I want to remember it all!
The fun times...
The sad times...
Everything...
So please...
please don't apologize.
[Tomoya] I understand.
Thank you...
So, by the way, where are
we going tomorrow?
You said you wanted to do
something with me, right?
Oh, sorry. I got to cancel that.
Huh?
Ryou said she wanted to go
shopping together.
We haven't done that in ages.
You'll have to take a
rain check!
Well I guess there's nothing
I can do.
That's right. Just be a man
and take it.
[Kyou] It sure has been
hot lately.
[Tomoya] No kidding.
[Kyou] Hey, are you sure you're
happy picking me? [Tomoya] Huh?
I mean, things would have
beenless complicated if you'd
stuck with Ryou and I know I can
be a pain.
Don't say that. I'll get mad.
Go ahead. Get as mad as you'd
like. Actually I'd feel a bit
better if you did.
I don't even know what
you're saying anymore.
All right, then I'll make it
plain and simple for you.
Hey! Give me a break!
Tomoya. I love you.
[Kyou] Summer's coming,
isn't it?
[Tomoya] Yeah...